DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in
\"The Race to Vestroia!\"
TRICLOID: Me so bored!
There's nothing to do and no one to play with!
RABEEDER: Yeah I know sis.
You got any ideas maybe?
Yeah! Like, totally! Sure I do!
Tell me! Tell me!
I got an idea for a new game
that we've never played before!
Tell me! Tell me!
We're gonna need more players!
Yeah!
But when was the last time anyone dropped in on us?
Not in a long, long, time.
[screaming]
DAN: Yo Drago!
The next world's coming up?
Be there soon!
I can't see a thing can you Julie?
How much farther? Are we there yet?
Oh! Quit yakking!
I don't know what's waiting for us down there
but we'll be one step closer to Vestroia at least!
Right!
How lame!
Hey we're almost there!
We're entering an unknown area
so I suggest we keep our guard up.
You never know where Naga could be hiding!
I'm on it!
What's this?
[screaming]
Oh no!
Help!
Dan!
Quick Tigrerra! Grab Him!
Grab him? Somebody grab me!
[groaning]
We're here.
So this is what the next world looks like huh?
I think it could use a renno!
The last world we were in was Water and Wind...
So this world must be Light and Earth...?
RABEEDER: Bingo! You got it!
Hello strange strangers!
Glad you made it!
And welcome!
Hey sis we got company!
And I love company!
I guess they're lonely?
And a little weird if you ask me!
It was you!
You! Grabbed me!
That's right! You got it!
Now you're all ours!
Hooray!
They kinda look like Bakugan to me.
Yes they are but I've never seen their kind before.
Hey you!
My name is Rabeeder!
and that's Tricloid!
Hello everybody!
Together we're...
The Cutest...
The Greatest...
Sisters ever!
Ta-dah!
That's very interesting but we must be on our way!
So long...Nice meeting you.
Thanks for the warm welcome ladies.
Yeah...What she said...later.
No wait!
You can't leave yet!
We have games to play!
Games!
I don't think they like games so much Sis.
Ha!
Oh we'll see about that... Ready Tricloid?
You betcha!
[screaming]
Hold on!
You're not leaving here until I say you can!
What she means is you guys gotta stay here
and play with us for awhile!
Huh?
So we can't leave?
Right! Not until we have some fun!
Yeah big time fun!
I knew something wasn't right about these two...
Come on Dan, let's keep moving!
We'd love to stay but we really can't!
You're staying here!
Chill out would ya!
Hey you're kinda cute up close!
Oh yeah!
He's real keeper for sure Sis!
You leave this poor boy alone!
We'll play with you next time we pass through!
Ciao for now!
Let's roll!
We're wasting time!
A-hem!
Excuse me. Coming through.
Pardon me. I'm with them!
They don't want to play?
What nerve!
Walking through here without even stopping to say hello!
Tricloid wants to play now!
That boy is dreamy!
Great!
Because of you Dan, they're going to keep following us!
Yeah way to go!
But hey it's not my fault...
Unfortunately I think they've both grown
attached to you.
[giggling]
Oh excuse me is it the next time yet?
Nice one!
Look I made a mud ball for you!
I don't want a mud ball!
DRAGO: Come on! Let's go!
Get moving Gorem!
Okay!
Come back!
You want us to chase you?
DRAGO: Whatever you do!
Don't look back!
TIGRERRA: That means you Dan!
DAN: Yeah I know.
Hurry Tricloid!
I think we're gaining on them!
Aw rats!
Looks like they got away again!
But not for long!
RUNO: Did we lose them?
TIGRERRA: I think so.
They must have given up!
That's a relief!
What do you think they are anyway?
They must be the gatekeepers of this world.
If that's true then they must be working with Naga.
They don't seem hostile...
No, but they want us to stay in this place.
We can't do that...
We have to keep moving no matter what happens.
Don't forget we're trying to get
to the center of Vestroia!
But which way do we go now?
We don't know how to get there.
Drago!
Where are you going now Dan?
To take a look around!
Hey my hair!
What's that over there?
It's some kind of aurora!
It looks familiar.
Yes, it's like the lights in the last world,
we probably can't get out of this world
without going through it.
If that's the case, then let's check it out!
DAN: I know we're moving towards those lights
but we don't seem to be getting any closer.
Drago, do you feel it?
Yes, it's the same as last time.
We're on the right track.
I think I'm getting a signal from the next world...
Yes I can hear it too Gorem.
That aurora is the same as the one we saw
in the World of Water and Wind.
That's our ticket outta of here!
If we follow the light like last time
and it will lead us to Vestroia!
RUNO: Whoa! Look at this place!
JULIE: It's beautiful!
DAN: There's light everywhere!
Oh, wonderful!
What are they?
They're jewels!
Jewels?
Yeah like jewelry!
Oh wow!
You could make such a beautiful necklace
or bracelet with these crystals!
Aw don't give her any ideas.
Let's kick it!
[scream]
\u266a Duh-da-Duh-da-Dah!
\u266a Duh-da-Duh-da-Duh-Ta-dah!
Tricloid's special mud ball!
Special delivery!
Not again?
What a surprise!
Fancy meeting you guys here!
So you ready to play now?
Huh? Huh?
Will you leave us alone!
They're very persistent aren't they?
Yes and I believe they've fallen for Dan.
No way!
Back off! Dan's off the market!
What?! No, no, no!
That makes Tricloid really sad!
I saw him first!
Listen I'm really sorry but we don't have any time
to waste playing with you right now.
You can't say that, you have to play with us!
What? No we don't!
As gatekeeper of this place I say you have too!
Yesiree!
If the big boss says you have to stay
then you have to stay!
Forever and ever! [laughs]
I see...So you two are working for Naga then?
Na-gah?
Don't know him... Has he been here?
Don't think so.
Huh? You don't know him?
Really?
And you don't know anything about Vestroia either?
TIGRERRA: My Lady!
Look at this!
No it can't be!
Bakugan fossils!
Thousands of them!
Wha?
Oh no!
DAN: They're all over this place!
You came a long way, why not stay...
Your friends are here!
They're not going anywhere and neither are you!
Yup!
This is their home now and they like it a lot!
Look they don't complain at all!
Welcome to the World of Light and Earth!
You'll be staying for a very long time!
[cackles]
Uh oh...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers will be back
after these messages...
Now back to the Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Whatever!
Let's have some fun!
Everybody ready?
I am! I am!
They say they don't know Naga...
But they could still be trouble.
Hey it sounds like you guys really like to have
a good time around here but we gotta go!
Honest!
Where do you have to go so bad?
We're going to the center of Vestroia.
We'll let you go only if you beat us in a race first!
And...
If you lose you must stay here forever!
Forever and ever and ever and ever!
What's going on?
I don't know?
RABEEDER: We'll start at the same time
and the first one to reach the end of the cave
is the winner!
Whatta we win?
Yeah?
You win freedom silly!
If you can reach the finish line near the caves
faster than us, you can leave this world and go on
to the next world beyond here!
But if you lose the race..
You'll have to stay here forever!
Then we can play lots of games...
All right! We'll do it!
Come on... No!
We have to win... Big whoop!
Yeah that should be no problem...
Okay...We're in!
I don't like it but I'll do it.
Yes!
The race is on!
You want a mud ball?
Uh that looks tasty but I'm good.
Thanks.
You sure?
Look what you can make.
Whoa cool!
A gift from Tricloid to you.
You'll see it'll help you.
Dan...So does this mean you two are an item now?
No it does not!
JULIE: Everyone take a number and get in position!
The race is about to begin!
On your marks!
On a scale of one to ten!
I guess I'm a ten!
Sorry but ah you guys don't stand a chance!
And when you lose!
We win!
Do what ever you have to do but don't let them beat us okay?
Julie let's not forget about Naga all right...
Once this is over we still have to get to Vestroia
and face him!
No sweat!
We'll win this race...
We can beat them together!
Ha!
It'll all work out and before you know it we'll be
on our way outta here!
Get set!
Go!
We're in the lead Daniel!
I've got a few tricks that oughta slow you down!
What?
Petrification!
You just relax and have a time out!
See ya!
Both of them are trapped!
Let's go back!
No keep moving! Go!
You win this Dan!
So we can all get out of here!
But you guys need our help!
Just forget about us for now!
Drago is the strongest one of us here!
You're the only chance we have of winning this race!
But no...!
Now get going!
We'll all be rooting for you Dan!
Julie... Runo...
Dan, you know better than to argue with those two!
Go now, Dan!
Do it Dan!
Go for it Drago!
Win this race and don't look back!
We're counting on you!
We'll be fine!
It's all yours now!
All right!
We'll see you at the finish line.
Uh-oh!
They're still in the race!
Then we'd better get moving!
Bye-bye!
There has to be some way out of this!
I know...
Leave it to me!
Ability card activate!
Grand Slide!
Whoa! Shaky! Shaky!
Uh-oh!
Whoa! What's happening?
Where ya going Sis?
This was not supposed to happen!
[screaming]
Sorry.
If we're stuck here then so are you!
Yeah why don't you stick around for awhile!
Hey you did it!
Just taking care of the team! Ah ha!
Drago...?
Don't worry.
Our friends are strong.
We'll be with them soon enough!
Yeah!
Runo, take care.
I'm going to get back in the race!
Ta-dah!
What are you doing?
Oh, you'll see!
You won't get far with this blocking the path!
That's what you think!
Hey no jumping!
No fair!
That does it!
Mud Shake!
There we go... [mumbling]
Squeeze squeeze squeeze...Oh yeah!
Ta-dah!
Now you be good and stay inside the mud ball
for Tricloid!
Argh!
You're so stubborn!
Whatta ya call that?
It kind of tickled. [chuckles]
Oh yeah!
[grunting]
That does it!
Counter Ability!
No!
That Counter Ability card cancelled out
my Grand Slide card!
But it gave Dan and Drago more time
to reach the finish line.
That was very clever.
Thank you.
Stop right there!
That can't be?
Bouncy, bouncy mud ball!
Hey is that Tigrerra's tail in there?
Awwww!
You little creep!
That's not very nice!
Ability card activate!
Squishy!
Shade Ability!
You okay..Tigerra?
I'm fine but I shouldn't have underestimated
this creature.
I guess this would be the wrong time to say,
\"Here's mud in your eye?\"
TRICLOID! What happened?
They were mean to me!
There, there now...
Stand up!
Oh that's better.
Look Dan! There it is!
Right in front of us!
All right... We're gonna make it!
No they can't!
Oh yeah!
TRICLOID!
You have to stop them!
Uh sure?
Okey Dokey!
Chomo Majaro!
Go Drago! You got it!
We're almost there! Come on!
DRAGO: Whoa!
A wall?
DAN: Aw snap!
We almost made it!
RUNO: Oh no!
Something's in the way!
They're stuck there!
Oh! It's a big wall!
GOREM: Leave it to me.
Grand Impact!
Drago! You're all clear!
We'll be right behind you!
So go for it and guide us through there Dan!
Thanks guys!
There's still time to stop them!
Get them TRICLOID!
Yes sir! I mean yes maam!
Haos Freeze!
Argh!
My wings...
Here I come!
Hi-ya!
I Gotcha now!
Whoa! You again!
You might as well get used to it
you're gonna be staying here forever and ever!
I wouldn't bet on that four arms!
You're gonna lose that one!
Silence!
Doppelganger!
There's five of her!
It's game over for you!
Oh yeah!
That's what you think!
Tigrerra!
Runo...!
Ability card activate!
Velocity Fang!
[growling, screaming]
You beat me! I give up!
Huh?
Oh no my sister!
Go to her now.
She's your only sister isn't she?
You know we have to get out of here
but at least you always have your sister.
Maybe we'll meet again someday,
then we'll have a chance to hang out if you want to!
Until then I'll hold on to this to remember you by!
You kept it the whole time?
Of course I will.
It's a one of a kind isn't it?
Yeah you use it!
It will help you to leave this world...
Tricloid say bye-bye for now.
Bye-bye!
Here I come sister!
Here I come!
So!
Shall we get out of here Dan?
Yeah.
[grunting]
I've tried pushing and pulling.
This door won't open!
Well what do you think we should do?
Hah?
Whoa...
Look at that.
A key?
Hurry!
You must use the key and go!
You won.
And as promised, you may now leave this world.
And you better hurry before I change my mind!
Rabeeder..Tricloid thanks a lot.
[\u266a]
Cute boy is gone now sister.
Yeah that's too bad.
But we did slow him down like Naga asked us too.
And at least we had some fun for awhile.
Wasn't that a good game?
So? What did you think?
It was big fun!
[laughing]
Next time on the Bakugan Battle Brawlers..
Drago and I are on our way
to have a serious face to face with Naga
but first we have to pass
through the World of Fire and Darkness...
And it looks like its full of all kinds of creepy characters
who want to give us a hard time...
The only way to get past them is to battle them full on!
But we don't have any back us up so it's just me and Drago
versus the bad guys...
Planet earth and Vestroia
are depending on us so there's no turning back now!
Catch the action on the next Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan brawl!